# Transparent background theme by Marcin Micha≈Çowski

background		    = default	default
frame			    = white		default
window_title		= white		default
directory		    = white		default	bold
selected_directory	= white		blue	bold
playlist		    = white		default	bold
selected_playlist	= white		blue	bold
file			    = white		default
selected_file		= black		blue bold
marked_file		    = blue		default bold	
marked_selected_file	= red	blue    bold 
info			    = white	    default	
status			    = blue		default
title			    = white		default	bold
state			    = white		default	bold
current_time		= blue		default	bold
time_left		    = blue		default	bold
total_time		    = white		default	bold
time_total_frames	= white		default
sound_parameters	= white		default	bold
legend			    = white		default
disabled		    = blue		default	bold
enabled			    = white		default	bold
empty_mixer_bar		= white		default
filled_mixer_bar	= black		blue
empty_time_bar		= white		default
filled_time_bar		= white		default
entry			    = white		default
entry_title		    = white		default
error			    = red		default	bold
message			    = green		default	bold
plist_time		    = white		default	bold
